\chapter{General Event Policy}

\section{Introduction}
Lens and Lights provides services to hundreds of student and department events
each year. Part of that includes making sure that all events and clients are
adequately prepared.

\section{Definitions}
\begin{enumerate}
    \item \emph{Large Event Space} -- Alden Great Hall, Rec Center Courts, Quad,
        Harrington Auditorium
\end{enumerate}

\section{Required Client Preparations}
Clients are expected to have a defined scope of work, or work with the LNL Vice
President to create one. Before requesting LNL services, Clients should have a
room reservation confirmed through the WPI Events Office. If the event is
outdoors, a rain plan must be communicated to the WPI Events Office and LNL.
Outdoor events follow LNL's Rain Policy. All events must provide a floor plan to
LNL and the Events Office.

\subsection{Rain Plans}

Each rain plan must include, at a minimum, alternative locations and/or dates
must be reserved and confirmed with the WPI Events Office. All confirmations
must be received by Lens and Lights in writing at time of booking.

\section{Setup Time}

Lens and Lights requires setup time to prepare for an event. The exact amount of
time varies depending on the scope of the event and existing equipment in the
space. In general, if there is already equipment in the air in a space, Lens and
Lights will require at least three hours of dedicated setup time. If there is
not already equipment set up in large spaces (including Alden Great Hall, Rec
Center Courts, and Harrington Auditorium), Lens and Lights will require at least
eight continuous hours of dedicated setup time. In extra-large spaces such as
Harrington Auditorium, Lens and Lights may require more than this time. This
setup time must be confirmed with the Events Office after consultation with Lens
and Lights.

\section{Rentals}

Some events may require additional equipment beyond the scope of Lens and
Light's equipment. Such events, at the discretion of the LNL Vice President and
Technical Director, as well as the agreement of the client, may negotiate
equipment rentals with external vendors. Such rentals will be billed to the
client at cost, plus additional fees at the discretion of the LNL Vice
President.

